Update genesis.mdx (#791)
ethereum-optimism/docs: pages/builders/chain-operators/deploy/genesis.mdx

# OP Stack Genesis Creation

The following guide shows you how to generate the L2 genesis file `genesis.json`. This is a JSON
file that represents the L2 genesis. You will provide this file to the

> execution client (op-geth) to initialize your network. There is also a `rollup.json` which will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
execution client (op-geth) to initialize your network. There is also the rollup configuration file, `rollup.json`, which will be
```
